what's the second date of worlds groups
with coverage presented by you Gigi I'm
joined right now by Betty as well as
irises can help translate now Betty it's
an interesting situation because in 2015
when Kramer was on flash wolves your
team - owed the Korean team in group a
to make it out
so is it interesting for you down to be
in a very similar position tell me is
she I was thinking - how'd you do it - I
guess I'd shown so you need your the
Chinese you a chance to the chink on
teachable male target - shatters into
the city I meant to say y'all is English
food
I haven't thought about this really much
so I we just want to focus on our game
and want we in the game always well that
makes sense
one thing that's interesting is that I
feel like in your region your bot Lane
has a lot of acclaim but we don't hear
so much about the bot lane in the
international world why is it that you
think the bot Lane hasn't gained as much
Fame internationally John Saunders no
matada
shown you need agenda hidimba try an
interesting way to change a cordis at
Omaha judging into tire family all right
van how maybe in the past the
international events or tournaments we
do all maybe didn't did a really good
job and didn't make the excellent
performance but this year we want to
focus on a game and we want you to prove
ourselves and to win the game now also
one thing that's interesting about your
part lien is that you kept playing
mordekaiser for a lot longer and the
summer split then we saw in other
regions a lot of other regions gave up
mordekaiser why did you stay with
mordekaiser for so long
madoka magica Imperial - so he was I set
aside so you switch on Rico
nanu asthma education single donor how
angkong whole sitting and then the
channel called I don't heroin alone that
change to her family's hey Johan Dorsey
wait Konoha do so actually mordekaiser
can has a very good strong points of the
vision and he can do so many things if
we if a team has Drake's and you can do
them anything they do so many things for
their for his teammates if he has all
the leads in early game now Betty you
must be feeling pretty good
flash wolves looking pretty good at this
tournament how do you feel about flash
well strength and how you've had the
success so far is an incision that she
died Paco sure
DJ it's the GN Saibaba you should be on
the she'd I know that she was like whoa
so taiga to use a pseudo feelin kind
song
to alibi how this young hey dress i
eating out in she John has a tiger a
fair woman man roto Tony out someone in
uniform a woman be on channel Toby
thought AHA towards out the trusty
so first of all I think our performance
right now is kind of good and we're
really rushing for the the finals of the
tournament and of course like for every
single team the finals are the girl at
our goal in the world and for our team
is the same and we are really trying our
best to to get to the finals because we
really take this year as a very
important year how do you what do you
think flash wolves will get out of
groups at do you think it'll be like
first play a second place do you think
you'll get out of groups how do you feel
about where you'll end up in groups the
issues and hashes out of the ocean
Theotokos Dantas is eating else we
change out there so no matter is the the
first place or second place we have to
get out of the grips do you think it'll
be first or second that the I would take
first place okay
very good looking forward to seeing that
what are your goals for this tournament
because everybody wants to win finals
but where would you see the team is
being successful non-occurrence young
life was good and I've shown each other
chase the movie I'll show summer 2002
magician tournament I gotcha
slaughtering title in our country now
woman's and young continuously knockout
you in the Hall quite I fools who can do
it say something everyone he's here for
the final trophy for the World
Championship and of course for flash
wolves and we are really getting down to
for the championships and we are doing a
lot of like efforts like we are doing
screams or any other efforts so just for
the World Championship forget is there
anything you would say ready to all of
your Western fans down the hallways I
can no leader thank you all for
supporting flash proofs we'll do our
best and everything efforts to have a
better result in this world championship
thank you Betty so much for the
interview think your iris we're
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage for
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel you know what's
interesting about vending machines it
just makes me think a lot about the
choices that we make in our life you
know you're you're presented with an
option where you put some sort of
resource in and then you're able to
acquire something and there's just rows
and rows it's just it's so similar life
the different selections that you can
make it also kind of reminds me of
champion select and you're never sure if
you're gonna be able to make the right
selection here but you could be sure you
never make the wrong selection and
champion select if you use you Gigi our
sponsor that's right
you just click that link below the video
you go over there you
type in a champion name you'll learn all
about him you'll never lose champ select
again and then you'll just be venturing
out wins like you could just put some
money and a machine and that you get the
win says you Gigi it's free they're our
sponsor support them